[light music]
[foreboding music]
[theme music]
[gunshot]
[theme music continues]
[audience chattering indistinctly]
[cameras clicking]
[Vincenzo] Five.
Four.
Three.
Two.
One.
[audience screaming]
[suspenseful music]
-[clapping]
-[exclaims]
[Cha-young] That was amazing.
[giggles]
The 1960s Mafia like things dramatic.
Wow.
Enjoy the moment. See your enemies suffer.
Bravo!
[Cha-young] Bravo! Encore!
[clapping]
[Vincenzo cheering]
[whooping]
Yeah, do it again!
[restrained laughter]
[Vincenzo and Cha-young clapping]
[security 1] Clear the path.
-[security 2] Out of the way!
-[security 1] Move!
Help the chairman.
Get him out of here. Now!
[security 1] Are you all right, sir?
-Let's go.
-Watch your step, sir.
[scoffs]
-[security 1] No more pictures!
-[security 2] Come on! Come on!
This way, sir.
-Come on. This way. Come on.
-[security 2] You! Out of the way, now!
[security 1] Step aside. Come on!
Give him some space. Let's go!
[security 2] No, stay back!
Step away. No pictures. Enough!
[both chuckle]
[upbeat music]
[Mr. Jang] Clear the hallway.
Protect the chairman.
What is all this?
-What is this scam, huh?
-No cameras.
Hey, back off, all of you! What is it now?
Namdongbu Prosecution.
[investigator] Mr. Jang.
You're under arrest
for anti-union activities.
-You have the right to remain silent.
-You've got no evidence.
You can't arrest him. Get out of here.
That video sure looks like evidence to me.
You get away from him right now!
[cameras clicking]
[Ms. Choi sighs]
[tense music]
Where is the evidence?
And stop doing that! You turn
those cameras off or I'll sue you all!
I'll accompany Chairman Jang.
Understood?
Let's go.
[Mr. Jang] Hurry up, let's go.
Keep the reporters out of our way.
And get moving. Come on!
Jeez, why'd they have to take
all those pictures?
[chuckles softly]
[banging on table]
So why are you bringing these two in?
The real criminals
are right in front of you.
They dumped a barrel
of pig's blood on him.
That's assault, damn it.
-But, sir, it was a prank, not assault.
-[Mr. Han] Yeah.
You see, the chairman and I
do this all the time.
What's a little prank
between good friends.
Right, Han-seok?
[Ms. Choi] You dare to call this a prank?
You think this is funny?
You need to charge them right now.
The video they showed up there
is fake. It's obvious to me.
It's not a very good one.
Well, of course, it was. But surely,
you verified the video before this?
Oh, if you haven't… If that video
was obtained somehow illegally,
I'm gonna be all over you.
Just watch me. Just watch this.
-Where is it?
-Even if we didn't have the video,
the information provided
by the Vision Team is pretty good.
Vision Team?
In any case…
why don't you share the evidence
provided by the attorney
for the union leader's family, huh?
Assuming you have some?
You do?
We have here the drunk driver's testimony.
Pretty interesting stuff.
[tense music]
[beeps]
[Cha-young] Tell us the truth.
I was told
to make sure I was drunk before I hit him.
They promised me 200 million won
and that they'd reduce my charge.
Who did?
Lawyer Seo at Wusang.
[Cha-young] Why are you telling us
all this? I doubt it'll help your case.
[perpetrator]
Awhile back I heard about a guy.
Wusang hired someone to run over a lawyer.
They promised to reduce his sentence,
but he was killed in prison.
I don't wanna die like that.
[beeps]
[Cha-young groans]
Wow. This looks really bad for Mr. Seo.
He only joined on at Lamborghini
a couple of days ago.
In addition to the anti-union activities,
I'm charging all of you
with aiding and abetting murder.
-[Mr. Jang] What?
-What?
-You mean Mr. Han?
-Me too?
That man only named Mr. Seo.
You have nothing.
And we have nothing else to say.
But your actions said plenty,
and you can't shut the mob, can you?
No, you shut up. You punk Mafia bastard!
-Whoa.
-Have some respect, little brat!
When were you born?
In '93, you prissy little girl.
-You got a problem with that?
-Just sit down!
-I'm year of the snake.
-Oh, me too.
[scoffs]
[Joon-woo sighs]
I can't believe this.
You want us to think
you're some kind of hero.
[laughs]
Hardly a hero.
I'm a scumbag like you.
[tense music]
Of course, there's one huge
difference between us.
I clean up other scum.
We done, Mr. Prosecutor?
Let's go, Ms. Hong.
[Cha-young] After you, Mr. Cassano.
[hums]
[gasps]
What was that?
My hair? What does that even mean? Hey!
[Mr. Han] Why are you smiling?
[door closes]
[scoffs]
You know, I bet they never imagined
they'd be investigated too.
I'm sure they'll be released tonight,
but I doubt Han-seok will ever forget it.
I'd say our little ploy
was quite successful.
[Vincenzo] We're not just going after
the anti-union documents.
So what's the target?
What we're looking for
after you obtain the Vision Team's data,
is Han-seok's paper company.
That's our real target.
That's what Mr. Jung is after, right?
The anti-union activity's angle
is just a decoy.
"Faint east, strike west."
You really are a consigliere.
I don't get it.
Ah, it's when you distract your enemy…
Oh, hello!
-[groans]
-And attack when they least expect.
[laughs]
That's good.
So…
even if the charge is thick,
no way is Jan Han-seok going to jail.
He'll have someone else blamed for it.
Yeah.
And even if he is indicted,
his sentence would be a joke.
We're forcing Babel
to fully recognize their union.
Meanwhile, we have another way
to take them down.
If we pull this off,
Han-seok will have nowhere to hide.
A huge fine and probably jail time.
I don't know
what you're all talking about,
but this prick's going down.
I think it's time for phase two.
[Mr. Jung] Okay.
Get him ready.
The Vision Team leader
is in the next room.
I'm sure he'll have a lot to say to you,
Mr. Chairman.
We've also located
Mr. Seo for questioning.
[Mr. Han laughs]
Honestly, this is absurd.
Mr. Jung.
[sighs]
It was me.
I ordered the anti-union activities.
My brother, he…
he had nothing to do with it.
Huh?
[groans]
He only just took his place as chairman.
And before that…
I was in charge.
I was the one who gave the orders.
I'm sorry.
[Joon-woo] Vice Chairman.
Why don't you relax, okay?
I don't think so, sir.
Mr. Jung, please question me.
I will answer whatever you want.
[door opens]
I didn't know you were still here.
I should be asking you
what they're still doing here.
Do you have even the slightest idea
what's going on at Babel?
Sir, are you…
interfering with my investigation?
Of course not.
I'm just doing you a favor.
There are some Babel employees
who served the former chairman,
and are unhappy
with the change in leadership.
They are clearly implicating
Chairman Jang Han-seok
to get rid of him. Anyone can see that.
-This is all news to me.
-[Mr. Hwang] News to you?
And you claim to run
a thorough investigation?
[Ms. Choi] Wait a minute.
The leader of the Vision Team
could've been involved in this scheme too.
You know, now that I'm thinking about it,
Mr. Seo was really angry when he left.
He seems the type to hold a grudge.
-[Mr. Han] Huh?
-[Mr. Hwang] That's settled.
Send everyone home.
You'll restart the investigation.
I can't do that!
These people need to be questioned.
Press will be all over
this mess you've made.
Start again.
[Mr. Jung sighs]
[Mr. Jung exhales sharply]
Always be thorough.
[laughs]
[ominous music]
Have you found anything yet, Mr. Nam?
Yeah, I got a pretty suspicious
looking company.
"Jason Fund needs to expand
its workforce."
It's in Malta, it says.
He called it "Jason"?
[scoffs]
Joon-woo's nickname at Wusang was Jason.
[Mr. Nam] Oh, check this out. Here.
Looks like they've got a Korean branch.
There's something here about establishing
a network for Jason Fund Korea.
So then, that tells us that their
accounts are being managed in Korea.
That's about all I could find for
these guys. No contact numbers. Nothing.
[sighs]
Paper companies aren't really my forte.
Wait, Mr. Cassano.
Yeah?
We're no experts,
but we do know one.
Want me to set up a meeting?
An expert?
Good. Yeah, you came to the right place.
Need your money laundered
or your taxes fixed up?
What would you know
about anything like that?
He knows tons.
He's a top-tier financial criminal man.
He's number one.
[sighs]
Dude.
Why do you got to say it like that?
You want me to be flattered?
Oh, thank you. Come on.
[chuckles]
Even an outfit like this one
operates just like a corporation.
I'm a bookkeeper,
but I specialize in money laundering.
I could, maybe, cook your books.
Hmm.
Interesting.
Jipuragi may want to hire you.
Why don't you prepare us a presentation?
Hang on.
What do I get out of this deal?
I thought Babel hurt you?
Almost died in a freezer. Sound familiar?
[groans]
Why would you remind me of that?
That was so horrible.
I can't believe I forgot that.
Oh, I'm having flashbacks.
My toes almost fell off.
[bangs on table]
Mr. Park, I want revenge.
Yeah, boss.
[Mr. Park] They took my money, my company.
They're the reason I'm here.
Babel's gonna pay
for what they've done to us.
-[Mr. Jang] Cheers.
-[Ms. Choi] Good work, everyone.
[Mr. Han] Close call that one.
-Those little shitheads.
-[Mr. Han laughs]
[sighs]
Well, our friend, the Chief Prosecutor,
sure came through for us.
-I'm glad I let him live.
-[chuckles]
Hey, brother.
-Yes, sir?
-I appreciate the sentiment,
but don't ever do something
like that again.
When you take the fall for me,
the charge needs to be much bigger.
That's how I'll know, brother,
just how loyal you truly are.
I understand, sir.
[Mr. Jang scoffs]
I saw my brother in trouble, and…
I just wanted to help.
[chuckles]
But I've learned my lesson.
[Mr. Han laughs]
Oh, wasn't that touching?
[Mr. Han] Wow, this wine is delicious.
I'll just get one more.
-Hey, why didn't you warn me?
-Not here.
[exhales sharply]
Look, you had me worried back there.
How could you do that
without discussing it with me first?
I wanted… I thought…
it was my best chance.
And you don't think your brother
would see through that in a second?
I mean, what were you thinking?
The other charges are huge.
Tax evasion, paper companies, stock fraud.
I can't do it.
I guess you may have a point there.
I doubt that Mr. Jung
has any substantial evidence,
but if Vincenzo finds more,
like he has in the past,
-it could be very--
-Wait a second.
Hmm?
Please do me a favor, all right?
Mm-hm. Okay then, what do you need?
Get me meeting with Vincenzo.
Vincenzo?
Yeah.
Make it soon.
[TV reporter] And Babel Group's
Chairman Jung was almost jailed
based on these false allegations.
The prosecutor in charge of the case
accused him of orchestrating
anti-union activities.
Luckily, for the chairman,
justice and truth prevailed today.
It turns out that the real culprits
behind those actions were Director Kim
and Vision Team Leader Park.
Both the men opposed
the recent transition of power…
I'm sorry. Babel wins this one.
It's fine.
The anti-union angle was just a decoy.
The paper company is our top priority
at this point.
That's a good idea.
[sighs]
If only we had Pandora's box.
That would help.
What Pandora's box do you mean?
You don't know?
The Guillotine file.
Yeah.
A memo was leaked detailing it.
Yeah, that's right.
As of now, where the file is
is anyone's guess.
We get it back, all the corrupt lawyers,
the businessmen, politicians,
we can put them all away.
-You think it's got that much?
-[Mr. Jung] Yes.
The scope of this is really immense.
[Mr. Jung] Mr. Cho.
Thanks for coming.
[sighs deeply]
I don't understand
how you let this happen.
We were so close too.
I'm sorry.
I just panicked,
and I lost the iris recognition device.
How are we supposed to retrieve the file
when we can't get inside?
I know.
I'll think of something. I promise.
[sighs]
Hold off.
Vincenzo might be the key.
[Mr. Jung] Let's see if he comes up
with a plan first.
[tense music]
[heart monitor beeping]
Here.
For you.
Oh, wow.
Are you sure?
[chuckles]
What?
Oh, it's beautiful.
-[Cha-young giggles]
-[chuckles]
And there's a letter.
[Ms. Oh] Wait, don't read it yet.
When you get home, okay?
Thanks.
For all of this.
[chuckles]
Okay.
Now, it's our turn.
-Oh, here.
-Thank you.
Goodness.
[chuckles]
[gasps]
You brought me bungeoppang?
[chuckles]
These are my favorites.
[laughs]
[chuckles]
Don't eat too quickly, all right?
This means a lot.
Oh, help yourselves. Go on.
[Vincenzo and Cha-young chuckle]
Mm. So good.
[sighs]
It's heavenly.
[Ms. Oh sighs]
Now, let me ask you.
Do you know the difference…
between bungeoppang and ingeoppang,
Ms. Hong?
What is it?
Bungeoppang is making a "bung," like that.
Ingeoppang looks more like…
[giggles]
…"ing."
[laughs]
Oh, look at them. Isn't that funny?
Oh… you're right.
[laughs]
That's… I never would've guessed.
[both laugh]
[phone buzzes]
Yeah?
Ah, Mr. Cassano,
it's Han Seung-hyuk at Wusang.
And what can I do for you today?
Tell me, Mr. Han.
I would like to invite you
to an important meeting tonight.
And make sure you come alone.
Do you speak English?
A little.
Uh… my name is Myung-hee Choi,
a lawyer from Korea.
How can I help you?
Yeah, uh, I'm calling to ask
if you know a man,
uh, by the name of Vincenzo Cassano.
-Vincenzo?
-Vincenzo. Yes.
Tell me.
Keum Gwang-jin.
There he is.
[Mr. Park] You see? Oh, what a guy.
Keum Gwang-jin is coming tomorrow
to work his magic.
-Hmm.
-Oh, cool, cool.
I suppose we should be ready to pay him
for his trouble.
Yeah, well, for this kind of thing,
he would get a couple of million.
Ah, but we go way back, yeah.
It'll be free.
-He'll do it for nothing, you're sure?
-Of course.
I'm not so sure about this.
What if Mr. Cassano walks right by.
He'd be mad.
Oh, yeah. Like what happened last time.
I know.
You can blame me. You're welcome.
[exclaims]
That's a pretty good idea.
-We'll all play dumb, okay?
-[clicks tongue]
Yeah. We play dumb.
We watch him, and figure
out what he's up to. That's good.
-Okay.
-All right.
Oh, check this out.
[sighs, sucks teeth]
This is driving me crazy.
[sighs]
[Mr. Han] Sir, Mr. Cassano is here.
We finally get the chance to talk.
-Sorry for yesterday.
-[Mr. Han chuckles]
[Mr. Han] Oh, sir,
I'm sure Mr. Cassano understands.
You two can make up today.
Yeah, I look forward to our fresh start.
What do you want?
Mr. Cassano.
Uh, why don't we try that again.
This is hardly formal,
but no need to be disrespectful.
Well, I don't respect you.
You don't like it, then leave.
Now, you wait a second.
I might look youthful,
but I'm older than you.
[laughs]
Real Mafia vibes.
It's okay. I like this bravado.
-Of course, it's like…
-Yeah?
…something from a movie.
[Mr. Han laughs]
My goodness.
I have a question for you.
What happens to me?
Are you trying to get revenge
on me as well?
[scoffs]
'Cause… because if not,
then my brother's yours.
I'm offering to help you
with what you want.
Leave Babel alone, I'll help you kill him.
I can tell you that the vice chairman,
he's in a really tough spot right now.
[tinkles]
Answer is no. Go away.
But we invited you.
I won't pit brothers against each other.
[scoffs]
Are you serious?
I am offering you an opportunity.
Deal with your own family,
because I will not involve myself, okay?
Question. So why won't you?
You have a conscience now?
If I exploit a family's betrayal,
I might be giving my own family ideas.
Remember that.
[scoffs]
Ha! Can you believe this guy right now.
Talking about family
when he's just a gangster.
Oh, he touched this.
GEUMGA PLAZA
[clears throat]
[humming]
[sighs]
[yelps]
It's time to begin, you may applaud.
-[cheers]
-[applause]
What is a paper company? You in the back.
A company that makes paper.
-[sighs]
-Seriously, a company that makes paper?
The right term is "paper manufacturer."
-Come on, hon.
-Ahh!
-[Su-nam] She's right.
-[Mr. Park] Why am I even here?
Okay. That's a common misconception.
In fact, it's an inactive company
that only exists on paper.
-It's a ghost.
-[Mr. Nam] No.
It's not a ghost.
-Why not?
-It's absurd,
but these companies are legal.
[sighs, snaps fingers]
Precisely.
But an inactive company like that
is often exploited by executives.
See, they could use it
to illegally buy stocks,
or help them evade taxes.
I don't know what you're saying.
I'm guessing it's not very good?
-It's very not good!
-Okay.
So Babel is breaking the law.
They get jail time for all this.
Plus, the penalty tax.
That could be up to several trillion.
If Jang Han-seok gets caught,
he'll owe at least a hundred billion won.
One more thing.
In order to launder and manage this money,
the chairman would need
some kind of setup in Korea.
We didn't find anything in his files.
Some tax evasion,
some Babel E&C stocks acquired illegally,
if that helps.
Babel E&C?
Wait, no.
I've got it. I'm brilliant.
What have you got?
Na Deok-jin from Babel E&C.
He definitely mentioned a paper company.
Mm.
What's he up to since getting fired?
Hello, everyone! I'm Singing Mr. Na!
And come on, everyone.
Let's sing along. Ha!
[upbeat music]
♪ Tapping chopsticks together ♪
♪ Let's make a rhythm
To the beat of tapping chopsticks ♪
♪ And sing a song tonight ♪
♪ If you have lingering feelings ♪
♪ Look at the passing time ♪
[giggles]
♪ And if your heart
is burning with passion ♪
♪ Sing a song of love ♪
♪ Life circles round and round ♪
-Have you been somewhere like this before?
-What'd you say?
-No.
It's a… a Korean club!
♪ Tapping chopsticks together ♪
[man 1] Hey, you!
-Shut up!
-Oh!
[man 2] Hey, come on. Sit down!
I'd sing better than you
if I sang out of my nose!
[audience complaining]
[Cha-young] Leave him alone!
-[overlapping chatter]
-[man 3] Don't be like that.
His terrible voice isn't hurting anyone.
[man 4] What's wrong with that guy?
Someone needs to cut him off. He's drunk.
[man 5] She's right. Leave him alone.
[Mr. Na] During the month
when I lived in my car, I made a promise.
I said to myself,
"Yes, I will achieve my goals,
and I will live my life."
With those words I became
a nightclub host,
and Trot singer, Singing Mr. Na.
I think you might wanna try the car again.
Get yourself a new dream.
Well, that's impossible.
I already sold it.
Oh, and… who's she?
Do you remember Hong Yu-chan,
the public defender?
Yes, that asshole.
Hey!
He was my dad.
The name's Hong Cha-young.
-Oh, the lunatic?
-[sucking teeth]
You better give us something to work with.
Yup.
You know the Jason Fund?
Han-seok's paper company.
Uh, Jason…
I have no idea.
Yeah, I do.
Tell us everything.
There's no point protecting him.
ATTORNEY CHOI MYUNG-HEE
[phone beeps]
[line ringing]
CHOI MYUNG-HEE
Ms. Choi, what is it?
I figured out an easy fix
to our Vincenzo trouble.
[Joon-woo] Tell me.
"Yi yi je yi."
Proverbs. What's that one about?
Roughly, "His enemy is my friend."
That's the play.
So what do you got in mind?
Yeah.
My job involved delivering sensitive
information to the paper company.
Development info, mostly.
And where was it?
It was disguised as something else,
of course.
It's called Ragusang Gallery.
[Mr. Na] They launder money there
through the buying and selling
of art pieces.
Then, the paper company buys up Babel E&C
stocks with the laundered funds,
so the chairman has more for himself.
It's illegal, I know.
[Cha-young] Hmm.
The records of this
could be at the gallery.
Oh, definitely. Mm.
DIRECTOR
[Mr. Na] The accountant for the gallery
works in the director's office,
but I think it's just for show.
I bet the director is managing
all the Babel accounting herself.
MONTHLY EXPENSES AND FINANCE
And security?
[laughs]
You're funny.
I mean, as expected, it's pretty intense.
The director's office is heavily guarded.
And then, once you're at the door,
you need this.
Only the director can get inside.
Anything else you wanna share?
Hmm, let me think.
Oh, here's something for you.
I heard the director
has this piece of art in her office.
Apparently, it's a really big deal.
I don't know the artist,
but the piece was called Nothing?
Nothing. Nothing.
-Nothing?
-No, no. It's Nothing.
-Nothing.
Nothing?
All right, when he gets here,
make sure you applaud.
But why is he running so late?
It's already…
[gasps]
It's already past 11.
Hey, I'm sure he had something
important to do.
[sighs]
I guess he's really busy then. Dang.
And what if Mr. Cassano finds out
about this? What then?
But we didn't call him, right?
It was Mr. Park.
Are you serious?
It was everybody's idea.
I am so disappointed in you.
[Toto laughs]
No, no, no. It's not like that.
We said to each other,
if we end up finding it--
[exclaims]
Look, sir! That must be him now.
-Gwang-jin!
-[cheers, applauds]
[barks]
["Ombra mai fü" by Choi Sunghoon playing]
DOG FINDERS
ANIMAL RESCUE TEAM
[dog barking]
[Mr. Tak] He doesn't look
like a prospector.
Is he wearing dog ears?
-Seok-do!
-Gwang-jin.
My friend. Sorry I'm so late.
I had to rescue this little guy first.
Apologies.
-Sorry, everyone.
-[tenants mumbling]
Why are you dressed like…
-[clicking tongue]
-I really should've called you first.
I'm out of the gold gang.
Quit three months ago.
-Huh?
-You qu… you quit?
I've been out in the world
looking for gold my whole life,
but I've always felt empty, you know.
But then, one day, I found a pup
like this little guy.
-[dog whimpers]
-[Gwang-jin] He just made my heart sing.
So I quit the mining and opened up
an animal shelter for rescues.
-Oh.
-[Mr. An] Oh, wow.
The fact that I get to do this,
well, my heart sings every day.
-I understand.
-[laughter]
You know, call me corny,
but the real gold isn't out there.
It's in the friends we made along the way.
Friends we made?
That's what I've learned.
[Gwang-jin]
And I hope you'll learn that one day too.
Well, I'm off to find some treasure.
[laughs]
I'm sorry, my friend.
-Call me sometime, okay? Got to get going.
-[exhales]
[Su-nam] Good to meet you.
[Mr. Park] Bye. See ya.
See you.
What a waste.
[ominous music]
[gasps]
What's with all the long faces?
No one is in trouble.
All of this is my fault.
Honestly, if I were you…
I could never hope to trust
a man like me either.
[Vincenzo] I get it. I do.
We trust you, but, Mr. Cassano--
I don't want you to feel bad
about your choices.
I'm a despicable, untrustworthy
mafioso, and I'm leaving now.
-Mr. Cassano, wait, uh…
-Please don't go.
We're sorry. We didn't mean to…
How could you?
Wait up, despicable mafioso!
Hey, wait up, despicable mafioso!
[all panting]
To think if that guy
had still been a prospector…
Yeah, that would've been a disaster.
We dodged a bullet there.
[sighs]
[all exhale]
Hey, guys.
[ominous music]
[clears throat]
Let's talk. High time, don't you think?
Ghost stories don't really interest me.
-Me neither.
-Let's go.
-Yup.
[Mi-ri] Off to the secret room?
[ominous music]
You have no idea how scared I was
that they'd find out.
What are you, um… What do you mean?
My stomach is tied up in knots.
What's the plan for getting the gold?
[tense music]
[lock clicks]
[sighs]
I know the person who designed the system.
So do you.
I did.
[thud]
[clears throat]
The iris scan program,
the demolition program,
I'm the one who designed them.
Hang on a minute.
Is everyone here a secret genius?
What did you use to do?
Security systems programmer,
and I was also a hacker.
You're still alive, though.
I thought all the workers were dead.
But I never worked on site,
so my identity stayed secret.
[tense music]
[heavy breathing]
[Mi-ri] I got wind that the whole
construction crew had been killed,
so I ran just in case they came for me.
I managed to stay ahead
of Wang Shaolin's men.
If you worked offsite,
how did you track the room, then?
The system is my design,
and I take care of my own.
[sighs deeply]
[clears throat]
So then, why come forward?
Bring it in.
We know the gold is there.
I'm offering to help you.
[upbeat music]
You know it's impossible to open
since Wang is dead,
and if Babel takes over, that's it.
And if you make one wrong move,
it's bye-bye building.
You're saying, you can get in?
Of course.
And I'll keep the building in one piece.
[snaps]
Since somebody left us no other options,
you're in.
You clear the temple
and give me 60 seconds.
Then, the gold is ours.
[grunts]
[breathes heavily]
Ms. Seo, if this works…
I'll need time to move the gold out.
There's that much gold?
[exhales]
I'll work out a plan.
-Meanwhile, you won't tell a soul, okay?
-[sighs]
I've kept this secret for two years now.
I'm good at it.
[all sighing in relief]
I feel so much better.
You're the best. We love you.
You saved our lives. We were screwed.
[laughs]
[exhales]
[calm music]
Uh, what's this?
I made some tteokbokki for you.
[Mr. Tak] And here.
I made you this dress shirt.
I'm a pretty good tailor.
Oh, you shouldn't have.
We all felt so bad for how we treated you.
[Mr. Tak] There's this too.
It's from everyone at the Plaza.
[clears throat]
MEMORANDUM
[sighs]
THE PEOPLE OF GEUMGA PLAZA
WILL TRUST VINCENZO CASSANO
AND SHARE ANYTHING
THAT NEEDS TO BE DISCUSSED
Look, a despicable, untrustworthy guy
like me doesn't deserve this.
Oh, that's not true!
We mean every word. We believe in you.
It was the promise
of all that gold, Mr. Cassano.
We just lost our minds.
We all fought so hard to stay here
at Geumga Plaza,
but you kept us safe.
Hey, it's fine.
You know, before you,
we… we had very little here.
But because of you,
we've been able to live good lives.
We've helped others.
And Babel's on the run now too.
[Hui-su] We don't need to fight
over some fake treasure.
We got each other.
Please, would you come back?
[sighs]
-[inhales deeply]
-[clicks tongue]
Yeah, fine.
All of you are pretty convincing.
[sighs]
Oh, thank you. Thanks so much.
[Hui-su laughs]
But there's something else
everyone should know.
We should talk about it tomorrow.
-Oh, okay. We'll talk tomorrow then.
-[giggling]
I really missed your tteokbokki.
-Yes?
-[chuckles]
-That's enough.
-Thank you.
-See you.
-[giggles]
-I think we should go.
-Huh?
See you, Mr. Cassano.
Thank you again.
[door closes]
[snickers]
[suspenseful music]
[Cha-young claps]
We're Babel's worst nightmare,
and this is going to prove it.
-[bangs table]
-[glasses clinking]
We're going to need all hands on deck.
-Let's do it!
-Yeah!
[tenants clamoring]
Everyone, I need you all to remember
that for this plan,
teamwork will be crucial. Understood?
[tenants] Yes!
[tenants cheering]
Let's do it! Yeah!
[laughs]
[Mr. Lee] Oh, yeah. We got this.
[Hui-su laughs]
Geumga!
[tenants] Geumga! Geumga!
[tranquil music]
So he's using this place
to launder his money?
[Vincenzo]
Yeah. It's more common than you'd think.
"Ragusang." What a name.
-What does it mean?
-Fancy.
[beeps]
DIRECTOR'S OFFICE
[whispers]
As suspected, her office is guarded.
[sighs]
Then we shouldn't try breaking in.
It's too risky.
And don't forget the fingerprint lock.
We'll need to think
of a legitimate method to get in.
Hmm…
A legitimate method.
What should we do?
[Vincenzo] Oh, they have his work. Wow.
[suspenseful music]
[chuckles]
PRIVATE VENUE RENTAL SERVICE
[Mr. Nam sighs]
LAWYER HONG CHA-YOUNG
I did some digging
into the gallery's rental service,
but it's booked solid
for the next two months.
-I see.
-[Cha-young] Jeez. No availability.
It's expensive too.
Let's ask the rest of our team.
[keyboard clacking]
All the reservations. There you go.
[chuckles]
GEORGE ANDERSON
JESSICA BENING
This couple's booked.
And it's in two days.
Why don't you two disguise yourselves
and take their spot?
[clears throat, chuckles]
You mean him and me?
What? You want me to play Jessica?
Uh, it's just…
It might be awkward.
[clears throat]
[Cha-young] Fine.
I'm in.
Here.
Ah, shoot. So close.
How are we going to hack
into the accountant's computer, then?
Right. That's not going to be easy.
They're hooked into Babel's
private network, so hacking it…
almost impossible.
We'd need a transmitter installed
directly on the computer,
so I could take control remotely.
The pictures there,
can you, uh, alter them?
Are you serious?
GEORGE ANDERSON
JESSICA BENING
[beeps]
Hmm.
-Oh!
-[clapping]
[chuckling]
[Mr. An] I got as much as I could
on that art piece you asked about.
Nothing.
American artist Jackson Martin
created the installation piece.
-[inhales]
-[snoring]
[snoring continues]
[exhales]
It was first displayed in Milan.
Then, it was sold to Ragusang Gallery.
It's valued at 10 billion won.
NOTHING
Wouldn't the gallery wanna display
the piece publicly? Not hide it away.
The piece is extremely rare.
So much so, that the former owner
kept it hidden too.
There are no photos.
Well, what are we waiting for then?
[quirky music]
[Vincenzo] This is supposed to be
a romantic evening
and you're dressed for business.
I thought this was business.
We're not together.
Of course not,
but you should at least look the part.
This outfit's all I have.
Okay, then, get in.
[clears throat]
What are you planning?
[door opens]
[Cha-young clears throat]
[lively music]
[clerk]
Here are the pieces you ordered, sir.
[Cha-young gasps]
When did you do this?
[clapping]
[Vincenzo] Wow. Bravo.
[huffs]
[sighs]
There. You finally look the part.
[scoffs]
Generous of you for just one date.
No, not at all.
Clearly, they were meant for you.
[clears throat]
Oh!
[chuckles]
Okay.
[tense music]
-This car.
-Let's see.
Welcome, Mr. Anderson, Ms. Bening.
-Hello.
-Nice to meet you.
Nice to meet you.
GEUMGA PLAZA
Whoa. What's going on?
No, no, no. Where are we?
This isn't the art gallery.
Come with me.
Please…
Enjoy our Geumga Plaza tour.
[Ms. Bening] Please don't hurt us.
I'll give you money. Okay?
-[Mr. Tak] No problem.
-He has money.
[suspenseful music]
[clapping]
Welcome.
-Mr. Anderson.
-Mm-hm.
-[Do-hee] And Ms. Bening?
-Thank you.
Now, I was under the impression
one of you speaks Korean.
-Um…
-That'd be me. I'm extremely fluent.
Ah… And how about her?
[Cha-young clears throat]
Um, uh… a little.
[laughs]
Ms. Bening has been practicing.
-Right, darling?
-[chuckles]
-You have.
-Right.
-Haven't you? Yeah.
-That's wonderful. Shall we?
-[laughs]
[clicks tongue]
-[Vincenzo laughing]
-This way.
[sucks teeth]
How's the Plaza?
-Their tour just started.
-Mm.
[both laugh]
[traditional music]
It's so elegant yet powerful.
Oh, George. I'm so glad we're here.
[chuckles]
[in Italian]
Pasta and wine.
-Oh, great.
-Thank you.
Gamsahapnida.
It looks so elegant. Thank you so much.
Grazie.
[gasps]
-Si.
-[chuckles]
Cheers.
To us.
And to him.
[traditional music]
Over the next three hours,
this gallery will be all yours.
And I'll be right here, by your side,
guiding you through our collection.
First, a romantic meal.
It's waiting for you through here.
So, we'd prefer the tour first.
This art is just so powerful.
Um, poignant and evocative.
Reminds me of heartbreak.
[groans]
Tragic.
And, you know,
I met my own passion for art
at the Broad Gallery in LA.
That was my awakening.
[Cha-young] My ex-lover left me
on the front steps,
but the paintings there
soothe my aching spirit.
From that day on, I vowed to dedicate
my life to the study of art.
Plus their hotdogs were out of this world.
I mean, I still dream about them.
Stop, please.
This is Ali Osman's We, Forever painting.
You can just feel the love
pouring off the canvas.
Oh…
[claps]
[classical music playing]
[sighs]
Ms. Bening.
Mr. Anderson has prepared
a beautiful surprise for you tonight.
Mr. Anderson.
[cameras clicking]
[stammers]
-Are you sure?
-Yes.
[groans]
Me?
[Do-hee] Yes, go on.
[cameras clicking]
[quirky music]
The ring you asked me to keep.
My ring?
-[Do-hee] Yes, sir.
-Oh! Oops! Incredible!
Ah, my ring.
[Vincenzo] Right.
[Do-hee] Go on.
[light music]
Mr. Anderson, do it.
[Do-hee clears throat]
Ah, right.
[cameras clicking]
[gasps, chuckles]
I got this ring here, for you.
[clears throat]
Remember the painting?
"Love pouring off the canvas."
[sighs, clears throat]
Will you marry me?
[romantic music]
[romantic music continues]
[gasps]
Yes, I will.
[softly]
Oh.
[chuckles]
[Do-hee clapping, cheering]
It's beautiful.
Oh, we're not done yet.
-Kiss.
-[cameras clicking]
[smooches]
[Do-hee] Kiss.
[slow clap]
Kiss.
[all chanting]
Kiss! Kiss!
Kiss! Kiss! Kiss!
Kiss! Kiss! Kiss! Kiss!
[stammers]
I… I don't know.
-[Do-hee] Mr. Anderson.
-[Vincenzo] Yes?
One shouldn't delay true love.
Oh, but you do love her, don't you?
[stammers]
Of course, I do. I love her…
With all my heart. It's just…
all the people. I'm just uncomfortable.
["Is This Love" by Aalia playing]
♪ Is this real ♪
♪ What I'm feeling deep inside ♪
♪ How can I hide when it's everywhere ♪
♪ Every little breath I take I feel ♪
♪ I didn't cause ♪
♪ I didn't call, can't deny ♪
♪ That it's been out of my hand ♪
♪ A blue bird in my heart
♪ Why do you try to get it out ♪
♪ It's sad, it's sad to know you ♪
[Do-hee clapping]
Oh, wow.
[Do-hee sighs]
Oh, my. That's just beautiful!
[Cha-young] Darling.
Tonight has been…
I'll never forget this.
[sighs]
Darling…
it's been perfect. Unforgettable.
♪ Have I ever ♪
♪ Ever, ever ♪
♪ Touched your soul like you have mine ♪
♪ How can I hide ♪
Jessica Bening.
George.
Will you marry me?
Yes. Yes. I love you.
[both chuckle]
[traditional instrument ringing]
♪ Congratulations ♪
♪ Your wedding, love forever ♪
♪ Don't fight ♪
♪ From black hair to white hair ♪
♪ Congratulations ♪
♪ Your wedding, love forever ♪
♪ Don't fight ♪
♪ From black hair to white hair ♪
[suspenseful music]
[beeps]
What are you wearing?
What are you, chest pieces or something?
Here, take one.
That should perk you right up.
Mm.
Tasty.
Well, you can't sit here in silence.
You're really pretty.
You're pretty too.
[sighs]
What color's your lipstick?
Dark tomato red.
Ahh… It suits you.
[sighs]
This is an absolute nightmare.
Come on.
They should be in the office by now.
Right? Damn.
William Dayne's works
convey people's innermost thoughts.
Their deepest secrets.
[yawns]
-Oh, hey sweetie.
-Hmm?
You must be exhausted. Let's sit down.
I'm sorry.
[chuckles]
[Cha-young sighs]
-Darling.
-Yes, dearest?
What about that one piece?
-Oh, want me to ask?
-Mm.
-Yes. Yeah.
-We're wondering…
We heard that Jackson Martin's, uh,
Nothing was here at the gallery.
Ah, I see. It is always such a pleasure
to meet connoisseurs.
Although, I'm sorry to say that Nothing
isn't intended for the public.
You won't be able to see it, I'm afraid.
Oh, shoot.
-[Vincenzo sighs]
-[Cha-young] Oh.
Too bad.
I guess we won't buy those pieces.
-Yeah.
-Mm.
This place, it's not for us.
-[chuckles]
-Hm, sweetie.
We'll purchase from another gallery.
-Let's go.
-Mm-hm.
Disappointing.
-Come on.
-Hm.
Please, wait.
Nothing is in my office.
I'll show you.
-Hm.
-What do you say, hon?
-Mm.
-Please, this way.
Please, would you just leave?
[Yeon-jin]
Not until I've seen the director.
Come back tomorrow morning.
Not a chance. There's a painting hanging
in that gallery that's a copy of my work.
[Hui-su] Excuse me.
I left something of mine inside.
Could I please go get it?
Ma'am, if you tell us what
and where it is, we'll go get it for you.
[Hui-su] No, no, no.
It's special. Private.
-I'll get it myself.
-I can't let you.
-Let me see her this instant!
-Ma'am, stop that.
-There's nothing I can do.
-[Hui-su] You must be new at this.
It's your first day, huh?
I'll just be in and out.
Yeah, me too. Out of my way.
Don't make me call the police.
I already called them. Now, move.
Hey, stop her.
[Hui-su] You need to let me in.
Do you know who my father is?
-He could own this gallery…
-It's my baby! Move!
Sorry, ma'am, but I can't let anyone in.
[upbeat music]
-Darling, look.
-[groans]
Oh, my god.
This must be Nothing.
-Hmm.
-Oh, fantastic.
-Wow.
-Ms. Bening, that's a floor lamp.
Uh, Ji-eun, turn on the floor lamp.
[automated voice] Floor lamp on.
[Cha-young] Oh…
AI lamp.
-[laughs]
-What a…
-bright idea.
-Yeah.
-Sweetie.
-Mm-hm?
-That was a good one.
-[both chuckle]
[Vincenzo exclaims]
Oh.
-Please, go ahead.
-Darling, look.
What an incredibly odd place
to have a doormat.
[laughs]
-Looks about my size too.
-[Do-hee] Wait.
This is Jackson Martin's
Nothing installation.
A scathing critique of materialism
and imbued with such emptiness.
You can't help but be struck
by his insight into the human condition.
Oh, that's good.
[Do-hee] Isn't it?
[Do-hee and Cha-young exclaim]
From the moment I saw it,
I could just feel the power off them.
-The electric feeling.
-Absolutely.
-It is.
-The imprint of the heels.
The more you look,
the more amazing it becomes.
-[Vincenzo] Right.
-[Cha-young] Yes.
[security] Ma'am.
[Do-hee] What is so important
that you interrupt a private show?
There are two women outside
threatening to call the police.
They say they have to see you.
[sighs]
Enough.
Nothing.
-[Do-hee] Mr. Anderson, Ms. Bening.
-Yes?
-I'll be back in a few minutes.
-Oh, no problem.
Right.
-[Cha-young] This piece makes me so sad.
-[Vincenzo] Does it now?
[door closes]
[tense music]
[clicks]
[sighs]
Thanks, sweetie.
I mean, Ms. Hong.
[Vincenzo] Get her on the line.
-Yeah. Just one second.
-[beeps]
[Vincenzo] Hurry up.
[Vincenzo and Cha-young sigh]
FATE PIANO ACADEMY, SEO MI-RI
[chimes]
Okay.
Right.
We're good to go.
Okay.
CONNECTING TO REMOTE PC
How much time do you need?
Somewhere between…
one and ten minutes.
Ten minutes, really?
We don't have that long.
[all chant in unison]
Tap, tap, tap.
-Tap, tap, tap.
-[tapping continues]
-[all laughing]
-You!
[Larry] Yeah, it's you, bro.
Chug, chug, chug!
[all chant in unison]
Drink, drink, drink, drink.
[chanting in rhythm]
Choo, choo, choo, choo, choo, choo…
[all laughing, cheering]
-Wow! He's pretty good.
-Oh! Whoa!
One more! One more! One more!
-[both sighing]
-[Hui-su] Hey.
-What do you think you're doing here, huh?
-Hey, you're the director?
-[Yeon-jin] You're tall.
-[sighs]
[Hui-su scoffs]
Why did you steal my art?
[Hui-su] And why won't you let me in?
Something precious is in there.
You must be mistaken, madam.
No one copied your art.
[siren wailing]
Huh?
[Yeon-jin] Right here, guys.
[Hui-su] Over here.
[Mr. Lee] Police.
We heard there's some plagiarism here.
Detective.
Who's in charge here?
[Cha-young] It's taking forever.
Give her some time.
[chimes]
[Cha-young gasps]
She did it.
Here you go.
Now, it's my turn.
SHARED DOCUMENTS
[Ms. Yang] Let's see.
"International transactions,"
where are you?
Why are there a million files?
I told you to take
that speed reading class, didn't I?
You remember the ad?
"Don't walk, just run to Deoun School.
For you, and me, and you."
I speak the language of numbers, okay?
Got it. "International."
[digital trilling]
How much longer?
Thanks for your patience.
Will you please hold?
Could you possibly pick it up.
My thighs are getting sweaty here.
Well, my armpits are sweaty too.
[Ms. Yang] Don't rush me.
[Cha-young sighs]
COPYING 4 FILES
FROM MANAGEMENT TO PROJECT
Lee Song-baek has a unique touch
and it's clearly visible in this painting.
Plagiarism?
"Touch"?
[laughs]
-You want me to show you mine?
-Show me.
Okay, then, madam,
what did you leave here?
There it is.
-[groans]
-[moans]
It's still minty. Mm.
Why? Why? Come on!
Check it out. My work.
[grunts]
They are nothing alike.
The forms, the lines, the colors,
-the feelings, huh?
-[Do-hee grunts]
You know they're awfully similar.
Yup, pretty much identical.
-[scoffs]
-Like a mirror.
I mean, you don't see the resemblance?
What are you doing to me?
[gasps]
[tense music]
[digital trilling]
The sweat's on my legs now.
What is taking so long?
[digital trilling continues]
[footsteps approaching]
COPYING 4 FILES
FROM MANAGEMENT TO PROJECT
[beeping]
[Mi-ri] It's done. Get out of there.
[clicks]
[suspenseful music]
[suspenseful music rises]
Oh, yes?
Now, what are you up to,
Mr. Anderson and Ms. Bening?
Oh…
[both] Hmm…
Oh, no. They're trapped now.
Oh, I knew it.
I knew something was wrong. I always know.
That's not who you are, is it?
What do you want?
Oh.
[in Italian]
We're caught.
Mamma mia.
What are you saying?
Hmm?
Okay.
We're Italian Foreign Intelligence
Service.
AISE. Take a look, hmm.
[Cha-young grunts]
[grand music]
Ooh.
We're investigating smuggled paintings
from Italy. Capisce?
Right. We got a tip recently.
Some of the pieces might be here.
Get them out of here!
[suspenseful music]
-[gunshots]
-[Do-hee screams]
[in Italian]
Don't move.
So what? Are you really special agents?
[sucks teeth]
Name, Jung Do-hee.
A Parsons School graduate,
but we both know that's a lie.
PERSONAL DETAILS REPORT
You also falsified your resume.
You didn't win the Giovanni Award,
or the Emerson Award. All lies.
Who told you?
Our Korean contact did.
[claps]
Come in.
We've been working together on this
for many years.
Tell us the truth.
How much of the work here was smuggled?
None of it was. I don't know anything.
I'm sorry, sir.
Stop! Please, don't.
-Don't lie!
-Don't you dare.
-Do you think it's a joke?
-Do you?
-You wanna die?
-Tell us now.
[sobs]
Only one was smuggled in.
-Which one?
-Antonioni's portrait.
[Do-hee panting]
[Do-hee] Wait, wait. Just a second.
[pants]
Once I give back the painting,
everything will be fine, right?
We'll forget this ever happened?
Sure.
Hand it over to him,
and he'll take care of it.
You mean, him?
What's wrong?
Don't you trust me with it?
No.
-Split the profits?
-[clicks tongue]
-Hmm?
-Good work here, team.
[all] Sir!
You make sure you delete all
the CCTV footage of us.
[sighs]
All of it? Scrubbing through the footage
really sucks.
You promise?
Okay.
Hey, if you ever need to flee the country…
Call us. We're incorporated.
What?
"Byebye Balloon"?
"A trip just for you"?
[triumphant music]
[foreboding music]
[woman speaking indistinctly over PA]
[in Italian]
We've arrived, boss.
Well…
That was a pretty dramatic mission.
Yeah.
Even had a kissing scene.
Ah, you're right. We did.
Uh, I'm sorry if that was uncomfortable.
No, it's okay.
Sweetie.
[giggles]
[chuckles hesitantly]
Oh, no, stop. It's getting weird.
You made it weird.
Darling.
[both laughing]
[light music]
Ms. Hong.
Do you think we should have
a celebratory drink up on the roof?
[Cha-young] Sure.
So, jokbal or chicken then?
Or we could just buy some jerky, too.
[ominous music]
What is it? Not a fan of jerky?
Ms. Hong.
I'll head up first and get things ready.
How about you pick up the beers?
There's nothing to get ready.
You just don't wanna buy the beers.
No, I went up two days ago,
and there were boxes everywhere.
What?
[groans]
Seriously? Who would do that?
Go on. I'll meet you there.
[Cha-young groans]
Who leaves boxes on a roof?
[clattering]
[dramatic music]
[lighter clicking]
[clicking continues]
[tense music]
[lighter clicking]
[somber music]
[suspenseful music]
[suspenseful music rises]
[in Italian]
Did Paolo send you?
Perhaps.
[gun cocks]
[dramatic music]
[grunting]
[Vincenzo groans]
[breathing heavily]
[dramatic music continues]
[dramatic music rises]
[closing theme music]